(Episode 12)
How much did you drink to not remember a thing?
That's why I told you that I'll keep the ring.
Goodness, I think I took it off because I didn't want to lose it.
Were you at a pub in Yeouido again? I'll go check.
I went there already. They didn't have it.
Goodness, it's not like that ring has legs.
Hey, isn't that Jin Jin?
He shouldn't have lost the ring. Why does he want to buy you food?
He's a busy man.
How could he keep track of such small props?
That's not just a prop, and you have it.
- I also don't know where it is. - You liar.
Don't bring up the ring in front of Anthony, okay?
I'm not doing this. Stop doing this nonsense.
I'm hungry, so I wanted to eat.
And we ran into Jin Jin by coincidence, and we can join her.
She's got the time too.
So what's the problem? What is it?
Let's go and eat.
Chul Min wanted to buy you a meal.
Anyway, Jin Jin, I'm glad you had the time.
Yes, thank you.
- Sure. - Oh, goodness.
I'm so sorry. I got a call from the producer.
I have to go first.
Pardon?
Enjoy your meal with Chul Min today.
Buy her something good, okay?
- Eat before you go. - Goodness.
Don't you know how he is?
I don't want to mess with such an impatient guy.
I have to walk in carefully, showing him that I surrender.
Enjoy a great meal...
by yourselves.
Oh, right.
Jin Jin, I have to go and return sponsored clothes.
What?
Gangnam has heavy traffic, and I'm running late.
Excuse me.
Anthony, I'm sure you're very disappointed,
but next time, I'll give you another chance to eat with me.
Today isn't the only day we'll meet.
Oh, sure. Thanks.
- Enjoy your meal. - Enjoy.
Am I sitting here eating alone with Anthony?
Wait, it's a rather fancy restaurant,
we're seated by the window that lets the sunlight in,
there's a red rose on the table,
and classical music is playing.
Are we on a date?
It's been a while since you've been on a variety show. Isn't it hard?
You're never really on variety shows.
I remember you bungee jumping back in Boys Be Ambitious days.
You spun twice in the air when you jumped.
I had just debuted,
and the director told me to do it, so I had to. I was young and naive.
I still find it pretty hard to cope with cameras following me around.
Right, I agree.
I think his portion is too small. Should I give him some of mine?
Or should I order something else?
But that means we'll have to wait until the food gets here.
My gosh, should I just order some desserts?
- Jin Jin. - Yes?
Does the food taste bad?
Oh, no. It's good.
It's great.
- Hey, you're home early. - I'm home.
Yes, I wanted to eat at home.
I'm glad you came early.
I had no one to eat with,
so I was about to eat by myself.
The two of us can eat dinner together.
Oh, is no one around?
Yes, they're all out.
I made some crab stew. Do you like it?
Of course.
Go and get changed.
- Okay. - All right.
Is it hot in here?
Oh, are you hot?
No.
You can keep it open if you need some air.
- Do you need some air? - No.
Thank you.
You must be tired. Thanks for giving me a ride.
I'm fine. I'm not tired.
Drive safely, and have a good night.
- Sure. - Thank you for everything.
Guys, life is precious.
If you endure through life, life will give you a present.
What is this? An acceptance speech? Are you getting an award?
You know what? Anthony and I just...
Did you guys sleep together?
We ate together. Just by ourselves!
My gosh.
Oh, I'm sorry.
- You should go. - Okay.
Why are you home so late?
I think Anthony's really awesome.
This is why girls went mad for him.
I knew he was a nice guy, but I didn't think he was this cool.
You mean my brother? Were you with him until now?
We had dinner. Him and me, just us two.
Is it okay...
for you to be out in public together?
- Why? - Reporters might catch wind.
It could also cause a scandal.
Not him and me.
I couldn't do that to him when he's led such a good life.
Just one meal together won't cause a scandal.
That's a relief to hear.
Gong Ji Won, do you know this?
If you like someone a lot, if that feeling overflows,
it's not all that good.
Some things are bad.
What do you mean?
I mean I'm hungry.
It's finally ready.
It smells great.
You make the best ramyeon.
Hurry, hurry.
It looks so good.
Does Anthony like ramyeon?
What kind of kimchi does he like?
Stop thinking about him and eat before it gets cold.
- How is it? - It's fantastic.
It's hot. Give me some more.
(Detention Center)
I'm Jang Young Shim, the lawyer your grandmother appointed.
Let's see.
You went online and took...
5,400 dollars by lying about selling a phone. Is that true?
That's illegal. You did a very bad thing.
Do you feel bad?
Why did you do it?
Did you need money? To buy something?
Leave me alone.
I'll stay in here.
Okay then. That's fine.
I don't really care whether you stay here or not.
But your grandmother won't feel the same.
Think about her. You only have each other.
You won't feel like talking today.
I'll come back again. When I do,
tell me your story.
Okay?
Have you eaten anything?
Do you sleep well?
Are you in pain at all?
Grandma said...
you treat her well every day.
She said you gave her coffee every single day.
I also wanted to give you something,
but...
I have nothing in here.
I won't be long.
Okay.
So what I meant last time was...
Jong Hwa's a minor and can be tried in juvenile court.
That means he won't have a criminal record.
So it means he won't become an ex-convict.
Even if this goes to criminal court,
5,400 dollars isn't a lot, so if you settle, he might be released.
Petitions from his teacher and friends will help a lot.
I heard that Jong Hwa's a good writer.
I'd like you to bring certificates or awards he won for writing.
He seems to be doing okay.
I will do my best.
I'll try hard.
Do you want a cup of coffee?
I'll get you one.
My goodness. Miss.
Let's forget the coffee.
I told you to clean your desk. Do you really need all this?
Don't leave half-finished cans of sodas in the garbage can.
It'll spill and leak. Then I'll have to clean that up.
I'm sorry.
(Nougat)
[VIU Ver] E12 20th Century Boy & Girl "The First Date"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Lawyer Kang Kyung Seok)
Hey. Don't forget about the blind date.
Oh, no, what should I do? I have to be ready for a flight.
I have to rush to the airport.
I'm sorry.
Yes, just a moment.
Yes.
My card number is...
2784-4250...
6002-8452.
Okay, thank you.
Show it to us.
- I'll show you this side first. - Okay.
It has a hard outer shell.
You'll be really surprised when I show you the inside.
I'll open it up and show you now.
Look on this side.
I don't think there are any suitcases with this feature.
You might always wonder if your luggage is safe. Here.
- Ta-da. - My goodness.
- Do you see this? - You can even sit on it.
Why? What is it? What's wrong?
- There's a bug. - Where?
There, there.
Shut the door.
Hey.
What's this situation?
Where's the lovely angel?
Is that you?
She's flying right now.
She went to work because she was suddenly called up.
Then you should've called me.
I got dressed up.
Well... I felt like having a drink.
Again? What, with me?
You told me to drink with someone when I drink.
You told me not to drink alone.
I don't like the atmosphere here.
It's killing my appetite.
Follow, follow, follow me
Is this it?
Yes.
- Why? You can't eat this? - No.
You're just like me. I can't eat this either.
I can't because there's never enough.
Why are you using your hands?
Did you get it?
Yes.
Hey.
It's nothing.
You scared me.
What's wrong with this door?
- What? - Hang on.
Okay.
Do you have a credit card?
- Yes. - Give it to me.
- Sa Min Ho! - Min Ho!
- Min Ho! - What do we do?
Min Ho!
Let's call your mom.
- Ms. Kim! - Min Ho!
Two dollars, please.
Thank you, goodbye.
(Expired food)
(Sengseng Dumplings)
(Find the golden soy sauce)
(Golden soy sauce)
Please don't tear the bones apart.
- Ah Reum. - What?
Will you wipe your face?
No, you made it worse.
- Come closer. - What?
Lean in.
What are you doing?
Don't move, okay?
Oh, no.
How extensively did you work out to get hurt?
You just need some physical therapy.
Why didn't you go see a doctor?
You used to wail your head off...
when you had to see a doctor.
I had some medicinal patches somewhere.
You were always a little clumsy.
There it is. It recognized its owner.
- What? - Don't you remember?
I do.
- BM. - BM.
BM. Bandage Master.
I'm our class' Bandage Master.
Some are good at English or math.
Why am I good at wrapping bandages?
Be glad it's not something worse.
Come on. It's almost time.
Turn around.
- Okay. - Hurry.
- 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. - 4, 3, 2, 1, go.
It goes round like this.
Hold it.
- Here? - Yes.
It goes across vertically.
- How much left? - What?
How much time do I have?
- Can you do it? - You bet.
Let's see if I've gotten rusty.
Here.
There you go.
Goodness.
Oh, right.
(The Bongos forever)
That was good.
- Can I have a Coke? - Sure.
There are germs everywhere.
Including pneumococcus,
germs from the urethra, staphylococcus,
hepatitis A, colon bacillus among others.
They're everywhere. That's why I used your hand.
Hey, what's that?
- What? - Stay still.
What?
Hey! Your saliva! Your saliva!
- Rock-scissors-paper. - Rock-scissors-paper.
(Jeong Da Yeong)
There's only one person.
I think she's the prettiest actress there is.
I feel it, this page is it.
(Baseball in the Fall)
How many people are there?
It's my turn.
- Gosh. Tang. - Tang.
- You got it wrong. - No...
Wait.
- Suzy. - Geegooin.
- IU. - Taeyang.
- Seol Hyun. - Oh Hyuk.
Irene. Bingo.
Look here.
"Hi."
"I am Jin Jin."
(From Ha Ram)
(The Four Bongos Forever!)
(Children of 20th Century)
DiCaprio's new movie is in the theater. Do you want to go watch it?
What are you doing today? Do you want to watch...
Do you have any wish? Anything.
What's more important is now.
Everyone that I love leaves me.
What is this thing called love?
My wedding was called off.
Did you think Jin Jin would help you get the spotlight?
I never had such thoughts after I met her.
I became her fan.
Ji Won, do you know what cosmos means?
I love you.